welcome back to my show desi aroma and
this is a continues from my those are
videos so the bathroom which I showed
you all in my last video and if you
haven't seen it you can go back and see
how the batter is done this is how the
batter looks and it's also mented and
ready to go now I told you that this
batter needs some salt before you make
the doses but I'm not going to take salt
and mix it in the whole batter because
that's ruins your goggle so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to remove some
of the batter in this smaller container
I have and I'll just use exactly what I
need for my for my dosas so I'm
separating some batter in here and then
I'm going to add just enough salt in
there what I need so in this you know
about this much salt is okay and then
I'm going to just mix this batter up and
that is ready for my doses so let's go
ahead and make some dosas now I have my
frypan and buy yourself a nonstick it
definitely helps I've got that on
medium-high for about a minute and all
minute two minutes what I'm going to do
is I want to make sure that the
temperature is exactly right so what are
you doing is sprinkling some cold water
on it
have yourself a small tall spoonful of
this and just spread this up on your on
your pan to the size you need and once
you have done that go ahead and put the
cover on it
so that those are steams and makes a
nice crisp from the top and the bottom
those are is out so we're going to do a
second one here again sprinkle water on
it and then wipe it off you have a nice
clean frypan take one of this set it in
and just spread it see how easily it
spreads the spread it
there we go that's a perfect spread
there and then we'll go ahead and cover
this up and if you would like playing
those I hear you would just spring out
put that the oil or the Desi Ghee and
could let it crisp from the bottom and
you can remove it fold it or remove it
like that and that would be your plain
dosa
okay so now what I'm looking is this
about three ounce a minute or so I'm
looking some brown specks on my dough
soft and that's I know is it's ready to
be removed that cover you can see how
nicely it has fluffed up and the holes
you know those are what you are looking
for I'm using daesik here feel free to
use the oil if you want this sprinkle
some on this and then I'm going to take
about a tablespoon of my potato filling
which I made further dosa and I'm going
to just set it right in the center there
may be a little more there right in the
center and then I'm going to cover this
again for about you know I would say it
ten seconds or so and I'm still waiting
on that to turn a little more nice and
brown and the basic he can nicely mold
in it and once that is done okay so I
think it's ready to come out and what do
you do is you just take this those I see
how it's leaving the sides and off and
that's the technique what you use for
spraying the water or not and just go
ahead and close this dosa so we're going
to close it from one side and then close
it from the other side and just take it
out in in a plate so that's here those
are which has come out again for
watching this here Roma this video was
for the masala dosa you know trying to
you love it and please put in your
comments for us to read and suggestions
if you have any also I want to thank you
all for subscribing to my channel please
keep the subscription coming so we know
you love us
I feel good